At a recent computer expo (COMDEX), Bill Gates reportedly compared the
computer industry with the auto industry and stated: "If GM had kept
up with technology like the computer industry has, we would all be
driving twenty-five dollar cars that got 1000 miles to the gallon."

In response to Bill´s comments, General Motors issued a press release
stating (by Mr. Welch himself): If GM had developed technology like
Microsoft, we would all be driving cars with the following
characteristics:

1. For no reason whatsoever your car would crash twice a day.

2. Every time they repainted the lines on the road you would have to
   buy a new car.

3. Occasionally your car would die on the freeway for no reason, and
   you would just accept this, restart and drive on.

4. Occasionally, executing a maneuver such as a left turn, would cause
   your car to shut down and refuse to restart, in which case you
   would have to reinstall the engine.

5. Only one person at a time could use the car, unless you
   bought"Car95" or "CarNT." But then you would have to buy more
   seats.

6. Macintosh would make a car that was powered by the sun, reliable,
   five times as fast, and twice as easy to drive, but would only run
   on five per cent of the roads.

7. The oil, water temperature and alternator warning lights would be
   replaced by a single "general car fault" warning light.

8. New seats would force everyone to have the same size butt.

9. The airbag system would say "Are you sure?" before going off.

10. Occasionally, and for no reason whatsoever, your car would lock
    you out and refuse to let you in until you simultaneously lifted
    the door handle, turned the key, and grab hold of the radio
    antenna.

11. GM would require all car buyers to also purchase a deluxe set of
    Rand McNally road maps (now a GM subsidiary), even though they
    neither need them nor want them. Attempting to delete this option
    would immediately cause the car´s performance to diminish by 50%
    or more. Moreover, GM would become a target for investigation by
    the Justice Department.

12. Everytime GM introduced a new model car buyers would have to learn
    how to drive all over again because none of the controls would
    operate in the same manner as the old car.

13. You´d press the "start" button to shut off the engine.
